Do you have this dress in white?
Yes, ma'am. I'll get you one.
But madam
I don't think black is suitable.
Who are you wondering about me?
I wear this
Sir, this way please.
Madam, this is so nice
The young master may come out at any time
You are in danger
I just didn't want to say it.
Because of my unhappiness with the young master
Although my husband married my brother in the mountains
You came for me
Who are you?
That lady will have to think about it.
How many people were killed in total?
Is it him?
You are here to avenge me
There are many people looking for revenge on me
What are you?
Then let's meet again
Madam, I'm afraid someone will lose the ticket and quarrel with him
just now
See if the one in the store is the actor again.
You stay anywhere
Come down this enchantress
It's happening again.